doc: state `PackageId`/`SourceId` string is opaque (#12313)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/commands/cargo-metadata.md

Output JSON to stdout containing information about the workspace members and
resolved dependencies of the current package.

The format of the output is subject to change in futures versions of Cargo. It
is recommended to include the `--format-version` flag to future-proof your code
to ensure the output is in the format you are expecting. For more on the
expectations, see ["Compatibility"](#compatibility).

See the [cargo_metadata crate](https://crates.io/crates/cargo_metadata)
for a Rust API for reading the metadata.

## OUTPUT FORMAT

### Compatibility

Within the same output format version, the compatibility is maintained, except
some scenarios. The following is a non-exhaustive list of changes that are not
considersed as incompatibile:

* **Adding new fields** — New fields will be added when needed. Reserving this
  helps Cargo evolve without bumping the format version too often.
* **Adding new values for enum-like fields** — Same as adding new fields. It
  keeps metadata evolving without stagnation.
* **Changing opaque representations** — The inner representations of some

>   fields are implementation details. For example, fields related to `PackageId`
>   or `SourceId` are treated as opaque identifiers to differentiate packages or

Reviewer: Suggestion: A cargo user will likely not have any reference for what a PackageId or SourceId is, at least styled this way. Perhaps not using Rust-style identifiers to be consistent with the way it is used elsewhere in this document?

```suggestion
  fields are implementation details. For example, fields related to "Package ID"
  or "Source ID" are treated as opaque identifiers to differentiate packages or
```

            "name": "my-package",
            /* The version of the package. */
            "version": "0.1.0",

>             /* The Package ID, a "opaque" unique identifier for referring to the

Reviewer: Style nit: 

```suggestion
            /* The Package ID, an opaque and unique identifier for referring to the
```
